[Music]
well hello to you my lovely loving ones
I hope you're keeping safe sane
unsanitized anybody else mainly on their
own started talking to inanimate objects
I say thank you to my duster Buster I've
asked my trainers if they want to go for
a walk
I've apologized to a side-table when I
banged into it and I'm having a very
flirtatious relationship with my over
doesn't matter how about you are you
perhaps holed up with loved ones getting
to know them in a way or she weren't
Tuesday nights and how naughty knitting
nights of course it's very important not
to let him personal hygiene go awry
Febreze me up certainly I try not to get
stressed over those everyday little
things right let's do this can't be that
hard
[Laughter]
personally I've always been a fan of
isolation it never goes according to
plan when I go outside anyway
as for social distancing well I've been
averted you've been bringing that on
myself for years right oh hi when I'm
naked in bed and I roll over my breasts
clap but if you are alone or struggling
in any way then don't worry there are
always ways to have a moment of fun
every day no trust me I am an expert in
this
oh is that mock with my face on it
no oh is that the mark with Gary's head
on it no this is not a mop being a man
it's that my mop
nope no mop a little more polish oh
won't you a few Secours you know it's is
like this is like being on the
television a fun it reminds me of the
summer of 69 when I was on self-imposed
lockdown with a gentleman friend we
didn't leave the house for five weeks
because of sex oh sorry - power ballad
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
please know that we all love you very
much
- it's a strange time much mighty man's
Christmas cake that are going to be
tough moments and parts that are hard to
swallow but we'll get through it
remember it's okay for struggling it's
okay for bald it's okay for okay it's
okay from not okay
be kind to yourself be kind to others
and remember love wings take care that
was created as part of the big nae n we
hope you enjoyed it we also hope that if
you possibly can you can follow the link
and make a donation right now up and
down the United Kingdom charities are
providing urgent help to people who
really need it most so if she got a
couple of quid bonging in please help
thank you